[Autogenerated] Okay, now I've stored my database credentials securely in AWS,
and that was fairly simple.
Next, we need to make sure the application will read them.
I'm back in visual studio with the Net Corey P.
I.
Solution.
There are three steps I need to perform and that 1/4
which is to get rid of my temporary hat.
The first step is to include a new get package that extends Ace Peanuts
configuration to be able to read from the AWS parameter store.
This extension contains a library that was originally written by Ken Hundley,
a developer in the open source community.
It's called Amazon Extension's Configuration systems manager,
so I'll add that package to the project.
Now that that's out of the second step is for when I'm debugging in
visual studio in the APP Settings Development Jason File.
I'll add a set of settings that the extension can read.
When I'm running or debugging this app locally on my machine,
it will point the extension to my default profile in the tool kit settings.
The structure is that first we have a group named AWS and
within their a property named Region and another named profile
with the appropriate values assigned.
The last step is to wire up my ace Peanut application to use the extension so
that it can read the parameters from the parameter store.
And you do this in the program file,
which is theatric ations starting point First,
I need a reference to the configuration extension a P I.
I just added to the project in the same place that the code is
guiding the Web host to run the startup class.
I'll also instruct it to read the AWS parameter store parameters.
The Configure up configuration method uses a lambda
function with two parameters, context and builder,
and the extension method extends the builder with a
method called ad systems manager.
Then you can pass in the string, representing the path to the parameters.
So in this case, that's slash plural site,
which I included in both of my parameters when I added them
in the management console and finally, the fourth step,
which is my extra step.
I need to remove the secrets that I stuffed into apps settings
Jason in order to temporarily get around the fact that AWS
didn't have access to my secrets. So that's all the changes you need to make